Mories’s token supply consists of 88 milion tokens. We are utilizing 10% of that amount or 8,8 million SAGI tokens towards rapidly building a user base at launch. The tokens will be split 50/50 between Blockchain  and other embedded rewards and affiliate and influencer compensation for link shares that result in a successful registration.
Blockchain rewards 4,4 Million tokens will be embedded in Mories’s Blockchain  and other devices as rewards for users who are registered.

Affiliate and Influencer compensation The other 4,4 million tokens from the budget will be used to compensate affiliates and influencers whose direct link shares result in the paid registration of a Mories Blockchain. We have prepared for the very unlikely event that 100% of registrations will be attributed to affiliates and influencers. Any left over tokens from this will be sent back into the reserve for future marketing purposes. We have set up a link tracking affiliate accounting system which will monitor attribution as we move through launch marketing operations

 

RESERVE:
42% of the tokens will be held in the Mories Reserve and used to develop the project and community as follows:
Operations reserve: 10% of tokens will be kept in an operating reserve that will act as the Mories treasury and will be deployed in a way that will most effectively scale the Mories ecosystem and ensure wide distribution of the SAGI token. We will release our treasury management plans following the public launch of the SAGI token.

Team & Advisors: 20% of the tokens will be released to founders and 20% early team members and advisers over a 3-year period to ensure that the founders and team stay aligned with the long term success of the project and that selling pressure is mitigated.

Bounties/In-App rewards: 3% of the tokens will be given to community members who participate in bounties and who join the Mories ambassador program to grow the network in their region. We will be creating a granular bounty model that considers and rewards all positive behavior in the Mories ecosystem including hosting events, translating materials, sharing content, posting research, making bets, inviting friends, among others.

Marketing & Community development: 4% of the tokens will be reserved for marketing and community development efforts such as hosting tournaments, experiential marketing campaigns, and VIP experiences. This is an important marketing reserve to host campaigns that are large enough in scale with significant enough rewards to create viral events that onboard millions of users.

Network Growth 10% of the SAGI tokens are allocated towards but not limited to SAGI staking pools, Liquidity pools, new exchange listings, and initial liquidity for the new exchanges. Any SAGI tokens that are to be moved for network growth will require a community announcement prior to execution.Funding rounds 23% of tokens are allocated to funding rounds and possible partnerships. Large tranches will be required to participate to the same 3-year lock-in program which restricts the sale of tokens by founders and advisors.
